Evening, gents.
Good evening.
Hello, there.
Well, it is now.
What can I do for you,
mister?
If I could trouble you
for a moment of your time.
You a doctor?
I am.
And do you like it?
Has its moments.
Do you like what you do?
Well, socialism
tends to do that.
But it the path man
must inevitably tread,
or we are all doomed.
It is the only path
to utopia.
You have too much time
on your hands, Wells.
Perhaps you should think
about dating again.
You can't stay
divorced forever.
That's what I've been
telling him.
I consider myself single,
not divorced,
if you must brand me.
And, yes,
I can stay single forever.
I find it
far more desirable
than the suffocating effects
of marriage.
You see, that is precisely
what love is supposed to do --
suffocate.
If you read a poem
now and then
instead of science books,
you'd know that.
Poetically speaking,
I believe the exact opposite.
To love
is to exhale fully,
knowing that even
if it were your last breath,
you're complete
because you had found
the very reason
for your existence.
I knew you were
a romantic!
Dr. Stevenson.
Mrs. Nelsen.
Good evening.
May I take your coat?
Thank you.
John!
You're here.
I had you
almost written off.
A doctor's hours
are not his own, I'm afraid.
Good evening, gents.
John!
Right. Now that we're all here,
let's get on with it.
By now you all know
my obsession with time travel.
Oh, yes,
how is your novel coming?
Have you finished it yet?
You could say
I'm in the research phase.
And how does one
research time travel?
He constructs a time machine
and travels through time.
So, your book
is nonfiction.
So, where is
this time machine?
See here.
Oh, please.
All right.
Good lord, Wells!
You actually built
the bloody thing.
How much
have you spent on it?
How is this thing
supposed to work?
You set the time and date
with the dials on the board.
The solar cylinders
yield enough energy
to compress the machine
into subatomic particles,
resulting
in the thermodynamic suspension
of molecular activity,
which allows it to journey
across the fourth dimension
from one time sphere
to the other.
I'm genuinely concerned
for your sanity.
You've taken
this too far.
And once you leave,
can you come back?
We don't want him back.
The safety lock
automatically returns
the machine
to its starting date,
unless you have this key
to countermand the device.
Have you taken it
for a test-run?
I'm doing
some final tests now.
I think that's enough.
-More drinks.
-No, this is getting...
He's lost his mind.
So, where to --
the past or the future?
Well, the future, or course,
away from all you cynics.
In five generations,
utopia will have come to pass.
And that's where I belong.
Ah, yes, your utopia.
Where mankind
lives in peace
with no war, no crime,
no disease or famine.
It's inevitable.
Science and technology will
advance beyond all imagination,
forcing society
to perfect itself.
You're a surgeon, John.
Think of what the future holds
for medicine.
Think of the cures.
Health and happiness
will be the daily course.
Mankind will finally know
true equality.
Mankind hasn't changed
in 200 years.
We're animals.
We hunt.
We're hunted.
That's the way it has been
and always will be.
The future
will prove you wrong.
Very well.
Let's go, right now.
Let's take it for a whirl.
Well, I-I still have a few tests
that I need to conduct.
Scared to try it out?
Hardly.
H.G., I've known you for years.
You have
all these brilliant ideas
that only find life
on the page.I'm a writer, John.
I fail to see
how that makes me a coward.All you do is write!
It's the only release
your fear grants you.
You write about life
without actually living it.
In your opinion.
Imagine who you could be
if you didn't live in fear.
Or more importantly,
imagine the stories
you could write
if your life
were full of adventure.
You might finally
get that novel published.
Excuse me, Mr. Wells?
Scotland Yard
is at the door.
What is going on?
The Ripper has struck.
A woman was found
in an alley near here.
We're conducting
a house-to-house search.
Absolutely.
Wh-Whatever you need.
-Pardon me, sir.
-I apologize, my friends.
It's getting --
I think we best be off.
My men will see them
home safely.
Where is Dr. Stevenson?
He left his bag.
No, he was just here.
-Allow me.
-Excuse me!
That's the personal property
of a prestigious surgeon!
I believe surgeons use scalpels,
not butchers' knives.
Where is the doctor?
I last saw him
in the basement.
It's empty.
There's nobody down there.
Well, he couldn't of gone far.
Quickly, comb the streets!
This time machine
was unearthed 15 years ago
in the basement
in H.G. Wells' London flat.
It was restored, and is on loan
from Anders Enterprises.
It's believed to have served
as inspiration
for Wells' first novel,
"The Time Machine."
Somebody's getting out.
Look.
Hey!
Sit here.
Don't move.
I'm in America.
Hey, Willy.
Good afternoon.
Loving this --
this whole look.
Can you check online to see
if any of this has gotten out?
Please, sit.
Oh!
So, really, who are you?
Well, it's rather
complicated.
Perhaps it's best I speak
to someone in charge.
Jane Walker,
assistant curator.
Assistant.
Is the actual curator in?
May I speak with him?
It's a she, too,
but keep digging your grave.
Of course! Things have changed
a great deal since 1893!
I can no longer make social
and cultural assumptions.
My apologies.
May I keep this?
Okay, so, really,
who are you?
It's apparent, isn't it?
It's some publicity stunt --
Yeah.
What is it,
some stage play
about H.G. Wells
in the Village somewhere?
Is it opening night
tonight?
I beg your pardon?
How did you get past the sensors
and inside the actual exhibit?
I'm certain you won't believe
the answer to that question.
I think you
want to get arrested.
You get arrested,
make some news,
you got free press
for whatever
the little avant-garde
production you're involved with.
Oh, I can assure you,
I am not an actor.
Right!
You are H.G. Wells.
Yes.
You wrote
"The Time Machine."
Well, no, not yet,
I haven't.
But apparently
I'm published,
which is incredibly exciting
to learn.
Look, I can appreciate this
on some level, but no.
You will not be
getting arrested today.
There will be
no free press,
despite the fact I like you
better than the other guy.
What other guy?
Your friend?
Popped out of the time machine
with the same period getup.
Wasn't nearly as polite,
by the way.
This other gentleman,
where is he?
So, a few tourists posted pics
on Twitter on Instagram,
but so far, no news outlets
have picked it up.
Great.
Mr. Wells,
this is where we say goodbye.
Please, the other man?
He hasn't broken character once.
It's pretty amazing.
Please, I must find him.
No one here is a amused
by your fake accent and costume.
If I catch you within spitting
distance of this museum,
you will prosecuted to
the fullest extent of the law.
Do you understand?
It is urgent
that I find this man.
Willy, will you please
escort this man out?
No. No, please.
I beg of you.
Come on, let's go.
Please,
I must find this man!
This way.
Come on.
Eh, the other one
was hotter.
I like this one.
He's cute.
He really does look like him.
Please, the gentleman
who was here earlier --
When was it? What time?
-About an hour ago.
-Did he say anything?
-Where he might be going?
-Said he wanted to explore
the city, see the sights,
asked about a hotel,
so I sent him to the Renaissance
in Times Square.
Renaissance
Brilliant.
Where is that?
Out these doors, turn right,
walk uptown 50 blocks.
You can't miss it.
Thank you.
And may I remark
how happy I am
to see that race relations
have improved since 1893.
Uh-huh.
I knew that one day,
the color of a man's skin
would dissipate
and we would all live
side by side as brothers.
Oh, yeah, we're all
one big happy family.
What are you,
in "Les Mis"?
I don't think so.
Patek Philippe.
Yellow gold.
This is a real
collector's item.
I can give you $12,000.
It belonged to my father.
I'll accept nothing less
than $20,000.
$15,000 cash.
We skip the paperwork.
Deal.
I'll need a credit card
and an I.D.
I have a tragic
predicament.
I'm in town for a show,
you see,
and I've lost my luggage
and identification papers.
All I have
is this ridiculous costume.
Oh, that's just horrible.
Did the airlines
lose your bags?
It appears so, yes.
I have money,
but that's all, I'm afraid.
Let me speak
to my supervisor.
We can usually
work something out.
Did you lose
your luggage, too?
You -- You saw him?
Where is he?
He wanted to do
some shopping,
so we sent him over
to 5th Avenue.
5th Avenue?
Right, and where is that?
You'll never find him.
Why don't you wait for him
at the hotel bar?
He shouldn't be long.
I'll send him over
as soon as he arrives.
Thank you.
It's wet!
Look, there's water
all over the floor.
It's literally
soaking wet. Why?
The tour guide
said it was like this.
He couldn't explain it,
either.
Ms. Walker?
Doug Lawson, head of security
for Anders Enterprises.
I understand there was a breach
in the Wells Exhibit today?
Not exactly a breach, no.
Then what was it?
Ms. Walker,
this is Vanessa Anders.
Yes, of course.
Ms. Anders,
it is such an honor
and a pleasure
to meet you.
We were informed
that there were two men
caught inside
the time machine.
It was a slight breach.
But I can assure you,
the exhibit was not harmed
in any way.
Can we see
the police report?
We chose not to involve
the police.
It was a minor incident,
and the last thing we wanted
was to call attention to it.
Did you get their information?
Where can we find them?
I don't have that.
I realize how this looks.
But in my defense,
most infractions are harmless.
And it's not our policy
to arrest guests at the museum.
As owner of this exhibit,
I find that answer unacceptable.
You need to find these men,
Ms. Walker,
or I'll see to it
that Anders Enterprises
files charges against you
and the museum.
Do you understand?
12 dead
in latest school shooting...
We need to build a wall...
-The suicide bomber...
-...a mass execution.
This is weapons
that are so destructive
that the world could end.
...attacks killed
14 ISIS fighter...
ISIS is the worst
of the worst.
His next target
will probably be...
-...too many nuclear weapons... -Anarchists...
Well, bless my soul.
Literally the last person
on Earth I expected to see.
Something to drink, sir?
Whiskey, neat, and another
of whatever he's drinking.
So?
What do you think?
I know --
I look absolutely dashing.
I must applaud you.
I never thought your little
device would actually work.
How did you find me?
The details
aren't important.
Yeah, I suppose not.
I wasn't sure the machine
would return to you.
Then I realized
I didn't have the key.
To you,
the Columbus of a new age.
Tell me, how did you
muster the courage to find me?
I'm not here to engage
in idle banter, John.
We must be off.
Oh.
And where are we going?
To the time machine.
I'm obliged to take you
back to Scotland Yard
to face the consequences
of your actions.
So Victorian.
You'll take me back?
And how do you propose
to do that, by force?
Be reasonable, John.
You must pay
for what you've done.
You can't stay here.
We don't belong here.
There it is, H.G.
There's your utopia.
Nothing but violence
and bloodshed.
Not quite
what you envisioned.
"We don't belong here"?
On the contrary --
I belong here completely.
In our time, I was a freak.
Today, I'm an amateur.
Stop it, John,
this instant.
You know you can walk
into a shop here
and purchase a rifle
or a revolver,
and it's perfectly legal?
These people encourage it.
No, I'm not going anywhere.
I've yet to begin
in this age.
It's you who should run along
back to your timid life.
Of course,
I'll be needing the key.
Well, I can't have you chasing
after me across centuries.
Who knows where I might
want to venture to next?
Well, I don't have it
with me.
Herbert George, come on.
I've played countless
games of chess with you,
and the one thing
you cannot do is bluff.
I want that key.
Now, what you feel
is a four-inch steel curved
blade with a reverse grip.
Rather expensive
at $69.95,
but I'm certain
I'll get my money's worth.
What are you doing?
Everyone can see.
And no one cares!
Isn't it glorious?
Give me the key, or I'll slice
into your femoral artery.
You'll topple to the floor
and bleed out,
and I will disappear
before anyone blinks twice.
Hey!
Are you all right, man?
Right in front of my cab.
Step away, sir.
Ambulance is on the way.
Don't move.
How ya doin'?
How's your head?
It hurts.
Um, may I ask,
where am I?
Manhattan General.
You're lucky you just suffered
a slight concussion is all.
I'll let the doctor know
you're awake,
and you have a friend
on the way.
A friend?
What friend?
No wallet, no I.D.
All I had
was a business card to call.
Ms. Walker!
Hi.
Um, are you okay?
The hospital called,
and I tried to explain
that we just met.
What happened?
A big yellow motorcar
ran me down.
You were hit by a taxi?
What is that?
That is a key
that I thought I'd lost.
Ooh.
Here, let me help you.
Thank you.
Please level with me.
I'm in a lot of trouble.
The time machine exhibit
is my responsibility,
and I don't wanna
lose my job.
Who are you?
Very well.
My name is Sigmund --
Don't say "Freud."
Kemp.
And you were correct.
I -- I am an actor.
And I am playing
H.G. Wells
in a small production
about his life.
I am sorry about what happened
at the museum earlier.
So, you're an actor,
you're from London,
and this is all
just a big prank?
Yes.
Anything else?
No.
We're good.
Well, thanks
for blowing up my day.
It's been most stressful
and inconvenient,
but I hope you
feel better.
Again,
my sincerest apologies.
Thank you.
And break a leg.
It's all a stunt,
like I said.
Call that creepy guy
from Anders Enterprises
and tell him it's much ado
about nothing.
No, the second one --
cute one.
Okay, I'm going home.
Call me
if something explodes.
Can you just wait here
one second?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Oh. Just a little
light-headed is all.
Oh!
Where are you going?
Did the hospital
release you?
I really must find
my friend.
I really think
you should rest.
Do you have
anywhere to go?
I-I-I'm fine, thank you.
Okay, here.
Let me help you.
Come on.
Oh, no,
I'm not getting into that.
Oh, no, you'll be fine.
You'll be fine.
Come on.
Yes, Herbert George Wells.
He was struck by a --
Can you hear me?
Hello? Yes.
Yes, he was struck by
a motor vehicle in Times Square.
No, this is the third
hospital I've called.
Yes, I'll hold.
Easy.
Oh, this is lovely!
Thank you.
So, do you live alone?
Maybe.
Oh no, you're perfectly safe
with me, Ms. Walker, I promise.
Okay, well, you can
freshen up and rest some,
but then you have to leave
because my stray-puppy-dog
syndrome only goes so far.
Are you hungry?
Oh, yes, thank you.
So, how does one
become a museum curator?
When one has to pay
the rent.
I majored in art history because
I absolutely loved it,
but I really didn't think
it through in terms of careers.
It's not forever.
I hope you like Chinese.
So, I take it
that you're single.
Yes.
Um, this is from
last night.
What about you?
I'm divorced.
Do men and women
even fancy marriage today?
You mean in America?
Yes, we fancy marriage,
particularly my mother.
She wants grandkids yesterday,
but she doesn't understand
that the benchmark
for that stuff has changed.
I'm still in my first career.
I can have kids when I'm 50.
So, you prefer
being single.
Yeah.
Not always.
But apparently,
I'm too mediocre to date.
Excuse me?
One of the joys
of online dating.
You'd be surprised
what guys say
when they don't have to say it
to your face.
A man said that to you?
Well, what he said exactly
was that I was
"curiously unspecial
and intriguingly mediocre."
That's appalling!
He was a wanna-be songwriter
who talked in bad lyrics.
Any man who says that to a lady
is no gentleman.
Which is why I quit Tinder.
But, I mean,
it does have some truth to it.
I moved to New York to have
this crazy, exciting life.
And that hasn't
materialized yet,
so, yeah, you could say
my life is pretty unspecial
at the moment.
-You haven't eaten.
-Oh.
Would you like
something to drink?
Let's get you
something to drink.
Thank you.
Is the music
always this loud?
Yeah.
You wanna dance?
I can think of a few things
I'd like to do.
I found some clothes
from my ex.
It ended quickly,
and he never came back
for his stuff.
You can shower
and freshen up in here.
Hot water takes a minute.
Razor, deodorant,
and toothbrush.
Thank you.
Enjoy your shower.
Aah!
-Oh!
Oh, what --
Uh, what -- what happened?
I was attempting
to use your razor,
but it's more complicated
than it looked.
Well, it's old.
It's from my ex-boyfriend.
Here, let me help you.
Why is he your ex-boyfriend?
He wasn't the one.
Truth is, I'm the problem.
I'm a bad picker.
I always end up
with the wrong guy.
And why is that?
Because I don't trust
anyone, ever.
And then I realize I don't trust
anyone, so I try to.
And then, I end up
trusting the wrong one.
It never fails.
Are all women today
as self-aware as you?
No, I'm the only one.
They gave me an award
and everything.
I find you fascinating,
Ms. Walker.
I should let you finish.
These trousers
are ill-fitting.
Nah, you're good,
you're good.
Yep.
Okay, you can stay
the night.
No, I really
must find my friend.
How far
is the Renaissance Hotel?
It's too far to walk.
You really should rest up.
Let your body heal.
You can find him tomorrow.
I'll be off first thing
in the morning.
I must say, this reprieve
really has been my salvation.
And I thank you for
your kindness, Ms. Walker.
It's a Christmas gift
from my dad.
I'm from Texas.
Sleep tight.
Aah!
Oh. Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
♪ Get your both hands up♪
♪ Sing it with me now♪
In international news...
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't --
♪ Yeah, buddy --♪
Want some coffee?
Uh, no, thank you.
What are your plans
for today?
I must find my friend.
The museum's closed,
so I have the day off
if you need any help.
How do you feel?
-Much better, thank you.
-Good.
How do I get
to the Renaissance Hotel?
Are you sure
he's even there?
Have you tried calling him?
Here -- use my phone.
Okay, I got it.
Sorry.
Renaissance Hotel
in Times Square.
What's his name?
John Stevenson --
Dr. John Stevenson.
A guest, please --
Dr. John Stevenson?
They're working with Utopia...
-Utopia?
-Thank you.
He checked out
last night.
The victim was last seen at
the popular night club Utopia.
She was found nearby
stabbed several times.
Bizarrely, a set of keys
was found in her mouth.
The murder appears
to have been random,
though the victim's purse
was found...
He killed -- Coward!
Who killed?
John, the man I'm looking for --
Dr. John Stevenson.
He's killed many women
in London,
and now he's in New York.
I have to find him.
Uh, maybe you should
call the police.
And tell them what?
That the Ripper
has escaped 1893
in my time machine and travelled
to New York City?
They'll think I'm mad.
Do you mean
Jack the Ripper?
Yes.
And now he's killed again.
Utopia is a reference to me.
The keys in her mouth --
That's a message to me.
He wants the key --
this key.
Jack the Ripper lived
over 100 years ago.
I lied.
I'm not an actor.
Just, please,
look at this key.
Surely as a museum curator,
you can see
that this is a relic.
That doesn't prove anything.
You asked me how I was able
to get into the machine.
Yes!
Because it was
in my basement
in 12 Mornington Lane
in London, where I live.
In 1893?
Yes.
You seem so sane
in so many ways.
Please, I need your help.
If I don't stop him,
he will keep killing.
If you know who killed
that woman,
then you need to go
to the police!
They won't believe me.
You don't.
Jane.
What if I can prove to you
that I'm telling the truth?
Then we can both go
to the police together.
Grant me access
to the time machine.
I'll prove it to you.
Watch your step.
You know, I could get
in a lot of trouble for this.
I didn't anticipate
passengers.
Sorry.
Um...
Right.
Now, I say we do
a short trip.
Say, three days from now.
It's over 123 years old
with no power source.
But, hey,
I can sit here all day.
We're still here.
Yes.
But it is
three days later.
This exhibit doesn't open
for three days.
That would be today.
How is this possible?
I'll give you a moment
to process.
Is this really happening?
Are you really
H.G. Wells?
Flesh and blood.
I must seem so different to you,
so inappropriate.
You're from Victorian England.
I ate with my hands.
What is it like to be here
in this time?
I'm dazzled, astonished.
I'm also profoundly
disappointed.
I envisioned a society
that was entirely different.
Yeah, I-I think
we all did.
It's not without its beauty,
though.
I must take issue with something
that you said earlier.
There is absolutely nothing
mediocre about you.
I find you, Jane Walker,
particularly special.
You okay?
Yes.
I'm just breathing.
So, you haven't written
"The Time Machine" yet.
Started it,
several times.
I haven't quite
figured it out yet.
What about the others?
"The Island of Dr. Moreau,"
"The Invisible Man,"
"The War of the Worlds"?
I write
for the London Gazette.
Trust me,
you write a lot of books.
It's nice to know
I'm inspired.
I can't believe
this is real.
What's wrong?
-So, I die three days from now.
-I will fix this, I promise.
How?
We can't go to the police.
They'll never believe us.
The paper said
that you were the third victim.
Who's the second victim?
There was the woman
at Utopia,
but we're missing
a victim.
Uh, second victim.
"Kerry Ann Riley was found
on the roof
of the Palace nightclub.
Security footage
puts her inside the club
with an unidentified man
at 11:30 three nights ago."
Three nights ago --
That's tonight.
-What time is it?
-It's 10:30.
I'll go to the club,
and I'll stop him.
What are you doing?
Google.
Internet search.
This is her.
She's 23.
She's pretty.
Haven't much time.
You'll need a gun.
There will be no violence!
The man who raises his fist
first is the man out of ideas.
Yeah, that's all very nice,
but you need a gun.
We have to hurry.
How do we get
to the roof?
Come on.
This way.
John!
John, who is that?
My dear.
No, let -- let her go.
Stay back.
I remember you.
The girl from the museum.
Clever.
Clever, H.G. --
attempting to change the future.
That can prove
very dangerous.
What's dangerous is allowing you
to go on killing with impunity.
Now, let her go.
Where is the key?
Where is it?
I have it.
It's -- It's here.
Uh...
Let her go!
Finally, you rise
to the occasion.
I didn't think
you had it in you.
Let her go, now.
Go downstairs and get help.
Go, go go!
It's catching,
isn't it -- violence?
It really has infected
this world.
Are you really willing
to kill me
and violate everything
that you stand for?
You don't belong in this time,
or any time.
Then do it.
Do it.
Do it!
Over here! Help!
Please!
Somebody help us!
I want that key.
Up here!
This way!
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Are you okay?
Oh, my God.
You need stitches.
Please, let me take you
to the hospital.
No, I'm -- I'm fine.
This could get infected.
You need antibiotics.
Don't be stupid.
It's too late for that,
I'm afraid.
Stupidity's become
my dominant trait.
Hey.
I think you did
pretty well tonight.
You saved that girl,
which means you saved me.
Did I?
There will be others.
This is a sport to him,
and he's taunting me with it.
I must find him.
We willfind him.
We?
Absolutely not.
This is my problem,
and I will no longer
put you in danger.
I can take care of myself.
Take two of these
with some food.
I'll be right back.
Aah!
Jane?
Oh, no.
Hello, Mr. Wells.
Who are you?
How do you know my name?
We have a lot to talk about.
No, I have to find Jane.
She was just here.
John took her.
You mean the Ripper
took her.
How do you know that?
Because you told me.
I'll explain everything,
but we need to go now.
I-I don't know you!
But you will.
I'm Vanessa.
I'm your
great-great-granddaughter.
How can I possibly
be related to you?
I've never met you before
in my life.
But I've met you
That's impossible.
So is time travel,
but here you are.
I have to find John.
He will kill her.
He would have
done that already.
He wants something.
What is it, Mr. Wells?
Is it the key?
How do you know
about the key?
Please.
They're gone.
Come with me and I will help you
find them.
What are you doing?
Stop.
-Get off me.
Get off me!
You can't do this.
-Get back here.
-Wait, stop it. Stop.
He will kill her.
I must find Jane.
Vanessa
will be right with you.
You said you would
help me find Jane. How?
You've been hurt.
You should sit down.No, no, I'm fine.
Jane is all I care about
right now.
Please,
let me look at that.
We are wasting time.
You can't do anything
if you bleed to death.
Let me help you.
You don't want this
to get infected.
Searched Jane Walker's
apartment.
I have her laptop, purse,
and cellphone.
And your things.
Why do you have
her belongings?
He'll want to make contact.
This will be
his easiest route.
Did you find the key?
No.
It's in my possession.
Where it will stay.
And that controls
the time machine?
It controls who has
the time machine.
I designed it for safety.
The machine always returns to
the starting date of each voyage
unless you have this key
to override it.
So if he gets the key
in the time machine,
he can go anywhere
and kill anyone.
And I will never
be able to find him.
Is the time machine safe?
It's being guarded
at the museum.
Please,
he will kill her.
No,
not if he wants the key.
How do you know me?
You said that we were related.
How is that possible?
I was hoping you might
have some answers.
I've traced my genealogy, but I
can't find a genetic connection.
You said that
we've met before.
My freshman year in college,
I was walking on campus.
You came running up to me,
out of breath, in a hurry,
and said that
you were H.G. Wells.
I thought
you were crazy.
The whole thing
sounds crazy.
But then you said you were
my great-great-grandfather.
It was insane.
You were rambling.
You told me about the
time machine, Jack the Ripper.
You spoke of the key
and a woman in danger.
None of this
makes any sense.
That's what I said.
Then you handed me
a letter.
You said for me to
find the time machine.
I wrote you a letter?
No,
you wrote youa letter.
You knew you wouldn't
believe you either.
It's my handwriting.
"It's true, H.G.,
don't be daft.
Believe it.
H.G."
I wrote this, but...
This symbol,
what does it mean?
I've researched it,
but there's no record of it.
Why didn't I write more?
And where did John
take Jane?
Details would be very handy
right now.
I have to find her.
Don't worry, we will.
Going somewhere, dear?
Sit you back down over here,
shall we?
You feisty little bugger.
Right.
What is
your telephone number?
Why?
Because I need to have a little
chat with your new beau.
I don't...
Herbert George Wells,
remember him?
He has something
that I want,
and I have something
that he wants.
I need
your telephone number.
How do you know
he has my phone?
Well,
he's naive and pathetic.
He's not stupid.
Your number.
I'm not gonna help you.
Thought that's what
you might say.
I'd like you to meet
our very gracious hostess,
Julia Milton.
Her friends
call her Jules.
28, single,
from Richmond, Virginia,
currently working as
a fashion consultant with Macy's
where she makes
a staggering $165,000 a year.
Isn't that mad?
Did you know this apartment
costs $8,000 a month?
I mean, th-th-the economics of
this period are just absurd.
Now,
I really, really think
it's time you made that call,
don't you?
Blocked caller.
This could be him.
Now, you need to talk to him,
but don't mention us.
He doesn't know
you have help.
It's our best weapon
against him.
Hello?
You don't have to shout,
H.G.
You can speak at
a decent room level.
Where's Jane?
She's right here.
Go on, say hello.
I'm here. I'm fine.
If you harm her
in any way --
Dear God, H.G.,
the role of hero's really
not in your arsenal, is it?
I mean it, John.
Yes, of course you do.
Now, I want the key
to the time machine.
Meet me at the bridge in
Central Park tomorrow at noon.
Key gets you Jane.
Where is Central Park?
Oh, you're a clever bunny,
you'll figure it out.
No police, just you.
Alone.
Key or Jane dies.
Ahh!
It's okay.
-We have to hurry.
-Where is he?
I hit him over the head.
He's unconscious.
Come on.
He's gonna wake up.
Stop, he's gonna wake up.
No, no, no.
Shh.
Okay, okay,
come on past.
Please don't wake up.
The stairs will be faster.
-Come here!
-Ahh!
Ah, ah,
I wouldn't do that.
Walk out that door,
and she's dead.
Please.
Are you sure
you want to know?
They're my books.
Yeah, but you haven't
written them yet.
If you read them now,
won't it affect what you write?
Or will it inform
what I write?
Hell if I know.
Me neither, I'm afraid.
Has there been any word
on Jane Walker's whereabouts?
John was calling
from a burner phone,
which makes it
harder to trace.
I have no idea
what that means.
It means it will take more time
to find his location.
Right.
And where is
Central Park?
We still have some time.
Let me get
Ms. Anders for you.
Hey, Carl, how you doing?
All right.
Hello, there.
I'm Griffin Monroe.
Herbert George Wells.
Pleasure.
I'm sorry -- what did you say
your name was again?
Hey.
Honey.
-Hi.
-Good morning.
Has there been any news
regarding Ms. Walker?
Nothing yet.
Doug?
-Right this way.
-Hi.
Who's that?
You didn't get
my message?
When did you send
the message?
I texted you this morning.
Is there a problem?
Not everyone knows
you're H.G. Wells.
We need to keep it
on the down low.
I see, of course.
He said he was H.G. Wells.
What?
That's impossible.
-No, it's exactly what he said.
-Well, he's not.
He's George Wells,
a descendant of H.G. Wells.
A descendant?
Yes.
I met him in London,
years ago,
when I found the time machine
and I was having it restored.
He's in town just for
the exhibit at the museum.
You didn't
mention he was coming.
Oh, it's been
a crazy week.
Oh. Ah.
Remember we have lunch
with Stuart.
God, I'm so sorry.
I have to cancel.
Please don't hate me.
We can reschedule.
No, it's about your campaign,
and I totally screwed up.
It's really not a big deal.
Thank you, Senator.
Oh, not yet.
You've been granted a reprieve
due to the feisty little vixen
in the next room.
Now, now,
don't get too cozy.
Well, it is --
That is soft, isn't it?
Oh, it's like a cloud.
They really have figured some of
these things out, haven't they?
Let her go.
You don't need her.
You have me.
I have her
to keep you in line.
I hurt my arm.
I need to clean it.
I wouldn't worry about a little
scrape on your arm.
You'll be dead
soon enough.
You're not gonna kill me.
What makes you
think that?
You would have
done it by now.
Besides, you need access
to the time machine
once you have the key.
Well, aren't you
the clever one.
Take a seat.
Convenient.
Come on, let's have
a look at your arm.
Come on, I'm a doctor.
Prestigious surgeon,
in fact.
So why do you kill?
Do you like playing God?
Deciding who lives
and who dies?
You're a bold one
with your questions.
Why prostitutes?
Do you have something against
women or just sex?
Be careful
with your tongue.
I do not allow women
to speak to me this way.
Well, when you get in
that time machine,
make sure you go backwards.
Won't get any better for you
in the future
where women are concerned.
And how do you know
so much about me?
Everyone knows who you are.
You're Jack the Ripper.
You're famous.
I'm famous?
Most famous killer
in the world.
You didn't know?
Figured you would have learned
how to Google yourself by now.
Tell me more.
There's a laptop
over there.
I can show you.
Once I've secured Jane's safety,
I will need to take John
directly to the time machine.
Can I ask a question?
Why can't you simply
go back in time
and reverse this entire
series of events?
Can't you go back to the moment
just before the Ripper escapes
in your time machine
and stop him?
One must be careful not to
disrupt the very fabric of time.
It is my theory...
every time we travel
to the past or future,
you prick
the fabric of time.
If you go too close
to any one time repeatedly...
It can cause
a hole in time.
What happens then?
I'm not sure.
We melt, implode,
cease to exist.
I prefer not to find out.
But that is why
time travel is dangerous.
In the wrong hands,
it could,
quite frankly,
destroy the world.
Okay, then.
We're better off with you
meeting him in the park at noon.
You'll go to the bridge where
my men and I will surprise him.
Well, he specifically said
to come alone.
He'll have no idea
we're there.
We'll grab him.
Isn't that what you want?
I want the safe return
of Jane Walker.
That is my first priority.
Can't we do both?
I have known John Stevenson
for years.
He is shrewd and cunning.
He is not easily foiled.
He may be Jack the Ripper,
but he's still from 1893.
His little knives won't come
close to my 9 millimeter Glock.
Does everyone in this era
carry a firearm?
Pretty much.
Let Doug come with you.
It's too dangerous.
The more people I involve,
the more I risk altering time.
There's no telling the damage
I've caused thus far.
I must do this alone.
That is final.
Very well.
You will go alone.
"Five prostitutes
were killed.
The murders were
misogynistic in nature,
suggesting
a hatred for women."
No.
That is simply inaccurate.
I mean, I killed prostitutes
because of the opportunity.
They troll alleyways.
They make it easy.
I also killed vagrants and
street urchins in equal measure.
It says here
I was never identified.
I don't even
get credit for it?
Did I not mention you're famous
for being an anonymous killer?
What are you talking about?
No one knows my name?
Wells is famous.
He accomplished something
that endured, something good.
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm a decorated surgeon,
highly regarded
all over London.
No, you're Jack the Ripper,
a faceless dark cloud
on humanity.
You want to know
why I kill?
Because the only thing
more fulfilling
than saving a life
is taking one.
The instant sensation,
the release it brings --
that slakes my thirst.
You're gonna go right through
that entrance,
follow the path,
you can't miss the bridge.
Very well.
I'll be off.
You're not gonna
give him the key, are you?
That's not my intention.
And when John realizes
he's being played?
All I care about is
the safe return of Ms. Walker.
All right.
We'll be here, waiting.
For every step
society takes forward,
we take two steps back.
We invent new technologies
only to use them as weapons
against one another.
We strive for equality
yet we're more divided
than ever.
Look around you.
Nations are at war.
Violence runs rampant.
Our days on this planet
are numbered.
Prepare yourself.
The end is near.
We are on the verge
of all-out nuclear war.
My word.
Did your grandmother
dress you this morning?
Hello, old friend.
We are anything
but friends.
Oh, come on.
That's not true.
We have
a long history together.
A few days in the future
can't change that.
Where's Jane?
Where's the key?
When Jane is safe,
I'll give you the key.
There you go again,
trying to negotiate
as if you had the upper hand.
It's bloody awful,
isn't it, this world?
Everybody's so loud and angry
about everything.
Yelling, pushing,
shoving --
I mean, it's a battlefield
to get an afternoon tea.
Enough, John.
I have the key.
Where is Jane?
Do you really want to
take me back to 1893?
You must pay
for your crimes.
Well, a quick history lesson
for you, H.G. --
I'm never caught.
You can look it up.
You can Google it, in fact.
So, this little power struggle
will not yield you anything.
I never return to London.
Well, maybe
it's because you die.
By your cowardly hands?
I think not.
Don't worry.
She's not far.
Give me the key, and I'll tell
you where to find her.
What are you looking at?
Where's Jane?
Where is Jane?
Come on, give me the key.
I'll tell you where to find her.
Come on.
You can trust me.
No, no, no,
no, no, don't.
I had this under control.
Hey, stop!
-Kids!
-Let's go. Move.
-Let's go.
-Let's get out of here.
You weren't
supposed to be here.
And now she's dead.
You've killed her.
Ohhh.
You lied to me.
I am so sorry.
I thought it was the right call.
I couldn't let you go alone.
We should have something soon
on the phone trace.
You sealed her fate.
She's dead.
I apologize, sir.
I saw you
give him the key,
I gave the word to Carl
to move in.
Her death
is on your head.
But she is his only leverage
over you. Why would he kill her?
Because he's a madman,
and we've angered him.
He could lose all reasoning.
We will find her.
No,
you don't understand.
When I arrived,
I was helpless, lost.
She was the one person
who showed me kindness.
He will kill her
just to get back at me.
I know him.
I'm done here.
If you'll excuse me.
Where are you going?
I wish to leave.
Kindly step aside.
You came to me
all those years ago,
and I've waited a long time
to understand my role in this.
Let me fix this.
I can help you.
Am I a prisoner here?
Of course not.
I insist
you not follow me.
I will not follow you.
Are you serious?
-Ooh!
-Oof.
-I am so sorry.
-Eyes up, dude.
My apologies, sir.
Please forgive me.
I'll just --
-What the hell, man?
-I am so sorry.
Uh, do you know
which way downtown is?
Thank you so much.
Are you following me?
What?
Did Vanessa send you
to follow me?
Man, I don't know you.
I'm just walking.
Freak.
Where did Wells get help?
Who are they?
I want out of
this bloody time.
Then go.
Just leave, disappear.
To hell with it.
I don't need the key.
The time machine
still works.
I can go
anywhere I bloody want.
I'll disappear
into another time.
No.
You don't have to kill her!
I know that.
I want to.
There's no reason to,
just leave!
Start over.
You have an opportunity here.
You can change.
You can be someone new.
Your legacy is that of
a killer that nobody knows.
What are you rambling about?
Somewhere inside,
I know you hate it
because
I saw it in your face.
You hate being
Jack the Ripper,
so why don't you just stop this
right here, right now?
Now I see why
H.G.'s so taken with you.
You're both full of
the same idealistic rubbish.
I am exactly
who I want to be.
No!
It's okay.
You're safe now.
Do you know
where he went?
I couldn't hear.
Did he kill her?
The trace came through.
We got an address.
We're there now.
Where's Jane?
John took her.
They left about
half an hour ago.
Witness says
he was pretty unhinged.
Where would they go?
The museum will be
closing in 10 minutes.
Please proceed to the exits.
The museum will be closing
in 10 minutes.
Please proceed to the exits.
Hey, Jane.
The exhibit's closed.
Yeah, I have, uh, an end-of-day
report for Vanessa Anders.
I won't be long.
Hurry up
before they figure me out.
Just go wherever you're going.
Go!
What?
You didn't think I was gonna
go alone now, did you?
No.
No!
Let her go, John.
I thought
I might see you here.
And here we are again.
This isn't about her.
This is about you and me.
Oh, like it was you and me
in the park?
You must think
I'm a fool.
There's no one else here.
I came completely alone.
Well,
then you're the fool.
Perhaps I am.
But I am also in possession of
the one thing that you want.
I'd say that makes
the two of us.
The key.
Slide it to me.
Oops.
John, John.
John!
John, you mustn't do this.
No, no, no, no,
John, John. John.
John.
John, look at me.
Don't do this.
John!
John, you're making
a huge mistake.
John!
Come on.
Can you stop him?
Come on, come on.
Come on, you.
Ah!
Ugh!
-You all right?
-Yes.
Is he gone?
Hey!
Did you kill him?
It's a stun gun.
He'll be fine.
Are you okay?
I am now.
No, no, no, I wouldn't.
Let's move out! Move!
The Wells exhibit! Move!
Damn it, Wells.
On the radio.
Down here!
Call it in.
We got a security officer down.
-Got it?
-Yes, ma'am.
We spoke to the police.
It's being written up
as vandalism.
Museum's on board
with keeping it quiet.
Great.
Let's wrap it up
and get out of here.
Can it be fixed?
Oh, never mind this.
I'm more concerned
with you.
Are you okay?
I'm not gonna lie --
I was pretty scared.
It's your phone.
Hello?
I'm gonna make this
short and sweet.
I'm going to kill one person
every day
until I get the time machine
with the key.
Do I make myself clear?
Yes, but --
Was that him?
Yes.
He still wants the key.
How are you, Miss Walker?
I've been better.
You've been through
quite an ordeal.
You and that other woman
are lucky to be alive.
The woman from the apartment,
Jules, she's alive?
Yes.
She's shaken,
but she's okay.
She didn't hear
or see much.
She's with the police now.
We're monitoring her.
I thought he killed her.
He said he killed her.
Let's get out of here.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Any time.
Why so sad?
Appears
I was bested today.
Let's cheer you up.
Hey.
This guy needs a drink.
I told Jane she could stay here
for the night.
It's --
It's safe here.
I'm really sorry about the park
and lying to you.
It won't happen again.
Thank you.
I appreciate your apology,
but the fact remains the
time machine is still broken.
Let me help you fix it.
I have the resources.
May I ask what you do
to have such resources?
I'm the C.E.O. of
Anders Enterprises,
a biotech company
founded by my parents.
Biotech,
as in biotechnology?
Yes. With a focus
on neuroscience
and genetic engineering.
I can only imagine
the advancements.
How incredibly impressive.
My parents were impressive.
I'm just the daughter
who inherited it.
I always believed
that technology would be
the cure to society's illsm
that it would be
the path to peace.
Your utopia.
And I couldn't have
been more wrong.
My parents died
when I was a little girl.
They were all I had.
No siblings,
no extended family.
There is no one else.
Why are you
telling me this?
I took the shirt you were
wearing when you first arrived
and had a genealogy test done
from the blood and DNA on it.
The preliminary results
are back,
and I'm not really
sure how,
but you and I --
we're family.
I wish
I could offer you more.
Some form of insight
into how we're related.
When you showed up in my life
all those years ago,
I didn't believe you.
But I did what you said.
I looked for
the time machine.
And I finally found it in your
basement at 10 Mornington Lane.
Camden Town.
Yes.
And I had it restored.
And a part of me
has always been waiting...
hoping.
I'm just happy
you're here.
Get some rest.
It's been a long day.
Thank you, Vanessa,
for your kindness.
Good night.
Oh, hello again.
Oh, hello, uh...
It's Griffin.
Yes, Griffin.
And you're George...
Wells.
-Yes.
-Have you seen Vanessa?
She's in her office.
Care for a drink?
Oh, it's -- it's late.
Perhaps another time,
though.
Sure.
Sorry,
Vanessa mentioned that
you're a descendant
of the real H.G. Wells.
Yes, that's correct.
How so?
I beg your pardon?
A direct descendant?
Um, was he
your great-great-grandfather,
a distant cousin?
Oh,
it's a complicated lineage.
Ah.
Um, how long
are you staying?
Oh,
I'm not sure exactly.
Is there a problem?
No.
No, no.
Just...
making conversation.
If there's anything you need
while you're in the city,
just let me know.
Thank you.
That's very kind.
All right, it's late.
I'll be off.
-Sure.
Have a good night, George.
You too.
May I?
Come in.
This place is insane.
Are you sure it's okay
that I stay here?
I think it's a good idea,
at least until
we find John.
It's safe here.
Vanessa has some very large men
guarding her.
Vanessa's one of the richest
women in the world.
She might be
even wealthier than Oprah.
What is an Oprah?
Never mind.
How does she know you?
It's okay. You can sit.
Right.
Uh, well...
it appears that
Vanessa and I are related.
Apparently,
I visited her years ago,
and I gave her this.
It's how she knew
to find me.
You traveled to the past
and gave this to her?
Well, actually, her past,
my future, it's --
that's how she knew
she would see me again.
Okay,
that makes my head spin.
Mine, too.
What does this emblem mean?
I don't know.
It's something from my future,
I assume.
Why didn't you write more
in this letter?
Trust me,
I've been racking my brain.
Clearly, I needed to convince
myself to trust Vanessa,
but there is a danger
to knowing your future.
You would be tempted
to alter it.
Maybe the future you
was scared you might do that.
Which implies that something
must happen that would tempt me.
What if
you don't find John?
I will find John,
and he will pay
for what he did to you.
I promise you.
It's okay.
I'm tougher than I look.
Right.
You're from Texas.
Good memory.
It's nice
to see you smile.
You have
a very pretty smile.
I am terribly sorry for bringing
such mayhem into your life.
I moved to this city
to have this big life.
And I have a good life.
You being here
is a very big deal, huge,
so please don't be sorry.
You truly are a ray of light,
Ms. Walker.
You got to start
calling me Jane.
Right.
Very well.
I'll start tomorrow.
Until then.
So, what has you
so glum tonight?
Do you believe people
have the power to change?
Truly change who they are?
Wow.
So heady with your whiskey.
Well, yes,
I think people canchange.
They have the ability,
but I don't think they do,
not really.
People hate change.
It's too hard.
Yes.
It does seem
overwhelming.
What do you say we, uh, take
this somewhere a little quieter
and have ourselves
a proper drink?
Well,
that's more like it.